Run actions documentation  added (#7448)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/basics/top-panel.md

  ![](/images/image229.jpg)

> - **Run actions** - opens the [Shapes converter](/docs/enterprise/shapes-converter/)
>   With **Remove filtered shapes** functionality. that is available for all plans without limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Run actions** - opens annotations actions modal (annotations action is a feature that allow you to modify a bulk of annotations on many frames, e.g. [Shapes converter](/docs/enterprise/shapes-converter/)). It supports only `shape` objects. 
```

>   - **Remove filtered shapes** - removes all shapes in alignment with the set-up filter. Doesn't work with tracks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
